{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Report\
This project is focused on developing a data processing and visualization tool using Streamlit and Python. Our goal was to create an interactive app/website that will allow users to upload \'93messy\'94 datasets in order to clean and transform data, visualize and export the results.\
\'a0\
This application was designed to support several file formats, including CSV, JSON, Excel. This app has four main sections: uploading the data and overview, data cleaning and preparation, visualization and exporting the results. The User can do multiple things in there: convert data types, build charts, histograms, line plots, etc.\'a0\'a0\
\
Two datasets were used for testing: the Online Retail dataset and a Bike Sharing dataset. We chose these datasets because they could demonstrate the app's ability to handle different types of data, including numerical, categorical and time-based variables.\'a0\
\'a0\
The project was completed in terms of the code; it runs locally, and it can perform basic data cleaning operations. It also allows exporting cleaned data and transformation steps, but few problems arise from here. Of course, it didn't run in the first place so we had to spend a lot of time debugging the code and fixing the problem. After some attempts we managed to fix it, and then we edited some of the visualizing components like fonts, colors and especially the color palette of our website. But the output of this was not as we expected so we will definitely redo it in the future. Besides that, we decided to move to testing; for this, we chose two files: CSV and Excel. When we started testing, the real challenge began, because it took us a lot of time just to run the code. We had to spend over 15 minutes just to run one time. Everything stopped working at some point because of the size of the code; our computers were so heated up and nothing could be downloaded. Everything went slow. And if the error occurs, we had to find the bug, fix it, and then run it again and after that wait for another 10-15 minutes for it to just download.\'a0\
\'a0\
Overall, the project achieved its main goal of building a functional data wrangling tool. We still have a lot of things to polish and to fix, but it still shows a working pipeline for data preprocessing and visualization. In the future, we definitely need to work on more powerful computers and fix the visual part a little bit, but besides that everything works. We may also need to find more datasets to insert, just to make sure that our website works with different sorts of data.\
}